docs: improve documentation clarity and naturalness (#6177)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/config/output/polyfill.mdx

> See [Polyfill Mode](/guide/advanced/browser-compatibility#polyfill-mode) for more details.

> ## Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Optional value
```

### off

> With `output.polyfill` set to `'off'`, Rsbuild doesn't inject polyfills. Developers need to handle code compatibility themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `output.polyfill` set to `'off'`, Rsbuild doesn't inject polyfills. You need to handle code compatibility yourself.
```
